all day double what up everybody Dre bar
when drea de calm this video here is not
for everybody this is a basketball 101
for some people that kind of don't
really understand the game yet that's
men they watch the getting more than
they played again so i gotta kind of
explain some things a simple thing to
explain when i post the video myself
playing in a game whether it be a 10 15
15 if you watch my games clips playlist
on my one-on-one play with us the full
games a clip like my summer mix from
2011 some people will say something to
me I journey when you do the drills you
be doing this move in that move and all
these moves and the drills but then in
the game you're not doing no moves why
don't know moves like why you practice
all those lose within a game you're not
doing any lose the best analogy I can
give you 4 is the thing about a police
officer wherever you at anywhere in the
world police officers you know police
officers got guns right he's got the gun
on their hip
if a police officer work his shift like
a 12 hours shift eight in the morning
the eight at night he don't shoot nobody
he won't pull out his gun not once all
day does that mean that the cop didn't
do his job no the cop probably did he
probably did a better job if he didn't
have to use his gun right because he got
the gun the cops job is to protect and
serve right that's the police officers
job protecting the community and serve
the community if he happens in needs he
use his gun to he'll use it but that'll
mean just because he got a gun he's
supposed to walk around looking for
somebody to shoot it's the same thing
with a movement basketball I got the
moves that are practicing all you
players I got the moves that you
practice been a game if you got a chance
to just go right by I take one dribble
to stats and make a layup when you got a
wide open shot jump shot that you can
easily make over and over and over again
would you not do that just to try to do
a move that doesn't make any sense it's
like if a cop sees of God speeding like
I'm on the road right now for cop if I
was speeding and I caught one to get me
for speeding so he pull out his gun and
start shooting at me or should he just
pulled me over and write the ticket the
more efficient thing is to pull me over
to write the ticket now he pulls out his
gun and start shooting now a lot of
people was in trouble the person he's
shooting that's in trouble and he going
to get in trouble for using his gun when
he wasn't supposed to be using this
that's the best analogy I can get for
people asking why aren't you using moves
in a game again like I said this is
basketball one-on-one you gotta learn
the game remember that the object of the
game of basketball office to score
points on Jake is not to do
this is not all know the name of that
video game is when you do a move and you
get points for it that's this is not
that you get two points for scoring the
basket and get points4 points you'll get
points for moons and real basketball so
if you need to do a move that you use a
move but you don't do moves just to duel
or just cuz you practice a bunch of
moves you got an open jump shot and you
can make 10 in a row you supposed to
make 10 jump shots in a row that's
basketball 101 again like I said just
video and for everybody this people that
just need to understand the game you
need to learn you need to play the game
morning you watch and talk about the
game that's where you learn basketball
you spend more time watching and talking
about it then you have a distorted idea
of what the game is supposed to be like
so hopefully this clears a little better
it up a little bit of that up for you
that's all I got to say Jerry Baldwin
Dre all day calm work when you're
getting you want to add a guaranteed
turning to see vertical not a maybe ten
inches guaranteed tendency vertical go
to drea de calm / jump get the jump
manual when you get it I'm gonna get you
five free hoop and books or any free DVD
all you gotta do is email me the receipt
Dre all day calm / jump it's a bounce up
you watch me work on my game now it's
time to work on yours the hoop handbook
is a series of workout programs straight
from my own personal experience working
out and training on every aspect of
basketball ball handling shooting
scoring movements scouring over bigger
defenders the crossover post moves we
can off the court training dunking
vertical all of this covered all you
gotta do is follow the program step by
step the hoop handbook
you